Hello everyone today I want to take a review on
philips headphones
unpacking bought it ice times for 1000
rubles
high quality headphones and
quite a lot of frequency range and
calm yes high quality headphones
keeps said 1 year warranty
the plug is very good court good
headphones I bought right away I was not very
liked the stylish design and
all soundproof
subway and not hear the surrounding or in
trolley bus for example here from two sides
wire goes
let's open
wire 18 meters one point eight
tenths of a meter length
plug 35 specifications
32 millimeters
speakers dina diameter speakers philips
alpha, yes, you headphones model
given in the description
with aj and 2600 also still do not need sweet
very good headphones
Headphone headband is very adjustable
good pair of headphones can be a model
is listed in the description below the video
under the video well, thank you all for all
view bye